[0:00 - 0:30] What do you do when you get underneath
an agent's skin and understand how it
works? It's not just an LLM. I talk a
lot about these other components and it
feels really abstract. I talk about
prompts and skills and MCPs and
connectors and hooks and scripts and all
of this stuff. And if you're deep in the
engineering world, these are
shortorthhands. These are words that you
understand that it's easy to make sense
of. But for most people, it feels like a
foggy middle layer between the model is
smart and the work got done. And how do
you set up your model to do that is one
of the most common questions I get. Not

[0:30 - 1:06] because codeex in particular can connect
to lots of apps, although that is
certainly a useful thing. Claude does
that too. Not because everybody suddenly
needs to become a plug-in developer,
although you can if you want. It's never
been easier. And not even because the
plug-in directory is the most exciting
part of codeex. The real reason why you
should care about this is because you
need to understand how the secret sauce
for an AI agent works. What is the
scaffolding that you put an AI agent
inside of? So, it actually works. It's
like Darth Vader has a mech suit, right?
And that's how Darth Vader works. Or

[1:06 - 1:44] Transformers have these huge metal suits
and that's how they get the job done.
This is how LLMs work. They have these
suits around them that help them get
work done. And codec plugins are a
really handy way to understand that. And
so the story is not that 5.5 GPT 5.5
suddenly got smarter, although it did.
The story is not just that codeex
happens to have extensions. The story is
that agents are becoming capable enough
to do very rich work and we are now at a
point with simplicity and understanding
of these tools that we can actually
confidently not even as engineers build
the scaffolding around the agent.

[1:44 - 2:17] ourselves, which means we can customize
what they can do. We can customize the
mech suit, right? A little prompt
engineering here, a local script there,
a little work on an MCP server, maybe.
These are all real things that I know
lots of people who are not engineers are
able to do. So, in this video, I want to
give you a product handle on this whole
rich scaffold. I want to make the map
clear for you. What's a prompt for? Why
and when do you use it? By contrast,
what's a skill for? What do you use a
skill for? And when how does that
contrast with a prompt? Right? It's
often confused. What's a plug-in for?

[2:17 - 2:49] Why do we care about plugins? When do we
use plugins and not skills? When do we
use plugins and not prompts? What do MCP
servers and connectors do? Why why
should we care about those? To be
honest, for most of us, we don't
understand the relationship. We can't
name that. And if we can't name those
things, it's really hard to build
strong, stable agentic systems. And so
this is about how you customize your
agentic system so that you understand
what you want done and are confident
your agent can do it and can actually
get it done. The super practical do it
now workbook version is going to go on

[2:49 - 3:21] Substack. So it has the workflow audit
and the decision tree for prompt versus
skill versus plug-in versus MCP. Uh,
it'll have examples of what belongs in a
skill.mmarkdown file, a starter plug-in
structure, a testing checklist, and the
trust questions you should ask before
you install or build something so you
feel safe doing it. OpenAI describes
Chat GPT 5.5 is better at messy
multi-art work like planning and using
tools and checking its work and
navigating ambiguity. Did you hear it?
This is the part messy multi-art work.
if you want to do the real frontier
work. What I'm finding is most people

[3:22 - 3:53] get stuck not because they don't have
the tool, but because they don't have
the understanding of the harness to use
it, there's not been a clean, clear
instruction set that says this is what
all these things are for. So that's why
we're doing it now. So here's how we're
going to tackle this video. We're going
to go through in order prompts, skills,
plugins that package up a workflow,
right? And then after plugins, we're
going to also tackle as a bonus MCPs and
connectors. so you understand how agents
access tools. And in addition, no, we're
not done yet. We're also going to tackle
hooks and scripts and how they work and

[3:54 - 4:26] how they relate to all the other things
I just named. And then last but not
least, we're going to talk about how
marketplaces work because marketplaces
are becoming the mechanism by which we
distribute all of this. So, it's a busy
video. Let's jump into it. First,
prompts. A prompt is what you do when
you want to do something once. That is
where we're at in 2026. If the task is
temporary, if it's small, if it's highly
specific to the moment, you probably
don't need any of the rest of the
infrastructure. But a prompt is not a
great home for anything that you repeat
constantly or consistently. A prompt can

[4:26 - 5:01] describe a process, sure, but it doesn't
really package up a workflow in a way
that's repeatable. It doesn't really
carry tools with it. A prompt is just a
single piece of text you stick in,
right? It doesn't carry permissions. And
so a prompt is really useful when you
have those one-off asks, but I find in
general most people index really highly
here. And they they don't realize that
they're putting so much into the prompt
that generates hours and hours and hours
a week of wasted effort because too much
is going into the prompt. Can you share
your prompt with your team? Well, there
are little tools for that. So a prompt

[5:01 - 5:39] doesn't carry most of what we need it to
carry if it's going to be reusable. And
that is where we start to think about
skills, right? So a skill is where you
teach a tool. It could be codecs. It
could be claude a very reusable process.
For example, your team might have a
particular way of reviewing pull
requests or a particular way of writing
marketing documents. You want to be
clear about what that is and how you do
it. It is your house style and you want
to make sure that whatever LLM you use
always uses that across your whole team.
That is what a skill is for. Now, a
skill, amazingly enough, is just a clear

[5:39 - 6:16] markdown document that describes in good
detail how you do that work. And yes,
there's skills to write skills. I've
made skills to write skills over on the
Substack. It's absolutely something
where you can get AI to help you. But my
suggestion for you if you're trying to
understand the prompt versus skill
difference is to think of prompts like
one-offs and to think of skills as
anything that you want to reuse and
reinvoke. And because skills are so
universal, you don't have to worry
really, oh, is this a codec skill? Oh,
is this a Claude code skill? You just
write the skill and then you use it with

[6:16 - 6:49] whatever tool you end up using it with
and it's going to be great. You don't
have to worry about it from there on
out. So, the thing on skills, if you're
looking for a concrete example of skill
versus prompt, think of it as I would
prompt if I had a oneoff note to a
client that was complicated and I needed
to put some custom backstory in. I would
skill if I knew I was sending a bunch of
cold outbound notes with particular
content I wanted to pull in from a
particular set of documents and I needed
to be customized to that individual, but
I needed a consistent skill for how to
do that. I would write the skill that

[6:49 - 7:18] basically says this is what a good
structured outbound email looks like.
These are the paragraphs in it. These
are the data we want to pull in. Uh and
this is the beginning, middle, and end
and how you write a strong close. Just a
just a quick example. You can write
skills for marketing, for customer
service, for success. Literally anything
that you think the LM can do more than
once. All of those engineering tasks,
those are skills, too. Skills are super
flexible. And actually what I find once
people get the idea of skills, the
biggest issue is that people write so
many skills it's hard to keep track of

[7:18 - 7:52] them. And yes, there are tricks for that
too. I would encourage you to think
about how you divide and conquer with
your skills, right? Think about your
skills as essentially having a power law
relationship, which is a fancy way of
saying that 20% of your skills are going
to be worth 80% of the value. and you
have to find the right 20% that are
going to be repeated often constantly
with high sensitivity to what goes right
or what goes wrong and just jump in. So
that's a little tidbit on skills. Uh and
now let's jump right into to plugins
which is the next thing. So if a skill
is a way to do a thing consistently, a

[7:52 - 8:26] plug-in is a bigger package around that.
So we've gone from prompts to skills,
now we're at plugins. A plug-in can
include skills, but it can also include
app integrations, MCP servers, hooks,
assets, commands, metadata. It basically
takes a whole workflow and gives it a
name and sort of wraps around it and
makes it installable. And so if you want
to add like an entire workflow in one go
and it's much bigger than a skill, that
is a plugin. And what's beautiful about
it is that plugins are extremely
sharable. A plugin is something that
your team can use without everyone
manually reconstructing the setup. In my

[8:26 - 9:01] outbound email example, let's say you
had to have a live connector to data to
pull from Salesforce to pull in the
right name and the details about the
client. Fantastic. That is something
that would work in a plugin that would
not work in a skill. So a skill says
here is how to do the work. A plugin
says here is the workflow package that
you can install and all of it will just
get magically done for you. And then
everything that you need to get that
whole workflow is completely
accomplished in that one plugin. And so
yeah, there's real work that gets done
with plugins. It's real work to set them

[9:02 - 9:37] up, but once you set them up, they're
incredibly powerful. And this is why
real work rarely lives entirely in the
prompt. It lives other places, right? It
lives in the connectors that we pull in
live. So it might pull in from Slack or
from Figma, from GitHub, from other data
sources. Real work can live in where we
put our revisions to. So we review them.
Real work can live in the technical
skill that we apply as we go through the
process of doing this work with an AI.
The thing that we need to get to is we
need to understand that basically
everything I'm describing is like
training wheels that help the LLM

[9:37 - 10:12] understand how to do the work that
matters. And so the more we're clear
about that, the easier it becomes to get
the AI to do that real work. And plugins
are a fantastic way to wrap up a bunch
of individual components of work and
say, "Hey, here's the whole thing in a
nutshell. It's in a neat little package.
All you have to do is copy it and get it
into your app." And then you'll have the
whole workflow there at your command
whenever you're ready. And by the way,
if you think a a I can't do this, or b
it's too hard, I've got news for you. If
you're any kind of serious AI user, you
are already doing the plug-in work. You

[10:12 - 10:42] are literally the human plugin cuz you
copy from one app. You paste into the
chat, you ask the model to reason, you
go and get data from somewhere else, you
check the result, you come back. It goes
on and on and on. You are the human
plugin. If you don't want to be the
human plugin, consider making an actual
plugin. And no, you don't have to be an
engineer to make an actual plugin. Not
in 2026. You can absolutely do it
without that. So, we've talked about at
a high level what skills are. We've
talked about what prompts are. We've
talked about what plugins are. And you
can think of these as three sort of

[10:42 - 11:14] different scales, right? Where plugins
are the biggest. What are MCPs and app
connectors? This is how an agent gets
access to the systems where work
actually lives. So when you remember
when I said, "Oh, we'll plug into
Salesforce for outbound." That's an MCP.
That's an app connector. It plugs in. It
figures out where to go to get live data
and comes back with that real data. And
most apps are better when they have real
data. And so you can think of those
tools as like internet plugs. So, they
plug in and they get data back out,
right? And I'm old enough to remember
when we literally had to plug into the

[11:14 - 11:47] internet. It wasn't just Wi-Fi anymore.
That is what you were doing with an MCP.
It's like a universal plug to the data
that you can put in and you can get it
back out. And yes, you can absolutely
build an MCP, but increasingly so many
different SAS tools and places where
work is happening are aggressively
building their own MCPS and building
data connectors so you don't have to.
And one of the reasons I am doing a
plug-in video is because I think that
people misunderstand and they think,
well, an MCP connector is just the same
as a plugin, right? It's like there
we're all plugging into something. No.

[11:47 - 12:22] And the reason why it's confusing is
that a plugin can contain an MCP, but a
plugin typically has more to it. It is
not just an MCP server. there's a whole
piece of workflow that you're tackling
with that plugin which may include a
call to live data and then have a bunch
of other things that you're doing with
the data along the way. So a plugin is
more more of a larger package. So we've
talked about prompts, we've talked about
prompts versus skills, prompts and
skills versus the whole package with the
plugin, how the plugin is different from
MCP and app connectors. Now let's talk
about hooks and scripts. Those are big

[12:22 - 12:53] points of confusion. Hooks and scripts
are for the parts of your workflow where
you should not rely on the model
remembering to be careful. So if the
code needs formatting, run a formatter,
right? If the schema needs validation,
don't ask the model to think about it.
Actually validate the schema. If the
tests need to pass, run the test. Don't
ask the model to imagine running the
test. It has to actually go and run the
script and run a test. If a generated
file needs to meet a particular
structural contract, like it has to be
good JSON, actually check it and see if
it's good JSON with a script. If a

[12:53 - 13:25] review should happen before the agent
stops, build that review into the loop.
This is one of the most important parts
of doing good work with agents, but it's
really misunderstood because people
think that it's the same thing as an MCP
connector. It's not. People think it
should be left to the model's best
judgment. It should not. Some things
ought to be deterministic. By which I
mean some things should not be left to
the model. A good agent workflow is
designed so that the parts that are
deterministic are correctly framed as
scripts or correctly framed as hooks
into services that are deterministic.

[13:25 - 14:01] And if that feels really confusing,
don't let it. Because hooks and scripts
actually fit right inside our best
friend, plugins. Think of a plugin as
like a grabag present where you've got
like 10 things in the box for your buddy
and the plugin is the whole present
around it. A plug-in can contain scripts
and it can contain hooks into other
services as a part of the overall
workflow. It you're not limited to just
having a prompt and an MCP connector or
something inside a plugin. A plug-in
package is big enough that it can hold
the whole workflow to make it reusable.
And that is why I think the app store

[14:01 - 14:31] analogy is too small. We think of
plugins as, oh, they're apps in the App
Store. No, they're not really. And it's
not even as simple as saying, "Well, now
Codex has extensions." It's not that
that's wrong. It just really underells
the power of what I am talking about.
Because if you think of plugins as
add-ons, you ask, "Well, what can I
install, right? And I'm going to go
passively shopping like I do on the app
store." If you think of plugins as
workflow packaging, you're going to ask
a much sharper question because you're
going to ask yourself, "What part of my
work has enough repeatable structure

[14:31 - 15:01] that the agent should be able to inherit
it and use it?" And maybe that's
something that my whole team wants to
use. That's the real question. Think of
your work as repeatable structures and
then think of how you build plugins to
support it and you're going to be in
much better shape than if you're messing
around with these individual things. And
that's one of the secrets in this video,
right? Don't think of each of these
things I'm describing and defining as
like individual battle bots that are all
in competition with each other to find
out who's going to be the best and serve
your AI. That's not how it works. Think

[15:01 - 15:37] of these as Lego bricks that taken
together make something bigger and more
useful in terms of your workflow. And by
the way, in that analogy, a plugin is a
bunch of Legos all built up together
into a structure. A plug-in has lots of
these components like scripts and hooks
and connectors all inside it. And so you
can ask yourself, do I want to have a
plugin for architecture review? Do I
want to have a plugin for how I handle
marketing documents? Do I have a plug-in
for how I handle customer service
requests? Those are all large workflows.
Some of them are bundles of workflows.
And part of our job as humans as we

[15:37 - 16:07] start to think about the serious work
these systems are capable of, is to ask
ourselves, well, what's the right unit
of work here? Do I want to make customer
service in my tiny company one plugin?
Or is it actually smarter to say, well,
there's a refund uh plugin that we're
going to need to invoke, and there's
also a plugin for adding and activating
customers who somehow aren't activated.
We'll make that a separate plugin. And
then there's a plugin for making sure
that customers are able to upgrade when
they want to, and we'll make that a
separate plug-in. Totally just examples,
but you get the idea. Your job is to

[16:07 - 16:40] understand the semantic meaning of the
workflow and to say this is a good unit
of work that has a neat edge and
boundaries around it that we can make
into a plug-in. That's a great example.
By the way, here's another secret in
this video. That's a great example of
the kind of skill that is worth a lot of
money these days because very few people
know how to look at a workflow and say,
"Here's how I draw edges around it.
Here's the boundary around this
workflow. And once I have the boundary
around this workflow, this is how I
would turn it into a plug-in that I can
then repeatably share across the team.

[16:40 - 17:15] That's gold. That's an incredible skill
to have. If you don't know how to
explain that the work has value in a
particular bounded space, you're going
to always be tempted to make a workflow
too big and too wide and subject to
problems. Right? Because in the analogy
I gave you on customer success, if all
of that was one plugin, could it
technically work? Yeah, maybe if you
were a small company and you put a ton
into the plugin. Is it a good idea to do
it that way? No, probably not because a
workflow has one job and what I
described in my little example was three
jobs and probably in reality there's

[17:15 - 17:43] like eight jobs. So, no, you probably
need more than one plugin for customer
success at this imaginary little
company. And that's okay. Once you get
into the habit of figuring out the
plugin, and I've got lots in the
Substack on that, you can make that
stuff, right? You can you can stamp out
plugins and actually go to work. If we
zoom back out, the difference here is
really significant because a generic
model that doesn't have a plug-in,
doesn't have scaffolding as I've been
describing, can say something useful at
a high level. And maybe if you prompt it
and repeat your prompts and waste a lot

[17:43 - 18:14] of hours, it will be specific to you,
but only because you prompt it all the
time with lots of heavy prompts. But a
truly scaffolded agent can review all of
your work according to your standards,
use the right tools, and do so
effectively to get real work done, which
is like a 10x bigger deal. And it's the
same intelligence. It's it's not
different LLMs on the inside. This is a
great example of how we are a big part
of the answer to making AI smarter. And
I don't mean that in some dark way.
They're all watching us. I mean in the
sense that literally if you want smarter
work done, you got to do the part to put

[18:14 - 18:48] the scaffolding in place. And you can.
It is not that scary. And part of why
I'm making this video now is that I
really do believe because I have seen
story after story after story of people
who build these that it's not as hard as
it used to be. In 2025, I couldn't make
this video. In 2026, I can make this
video because plugins are now something
where I have literally seen people who
do not have coding knowledge figure out
how to build a plug-in to support their
work. I saw someone do this for
editorial work where she needed to have
a plugin to help her take a first pass,
an editorial review. And there's a

[18:48 - 19:15] specific workflow for that. Here's how
you read the text. Here's the three
different ways you read the text. Here's
the comments that you want to think
about adding and the places in the text
that are rough. Did it do all of the
work for her? No, it did not do all of
the work for her because you still need
a human to have that sort of editorial
perspective. But did it save her a lot
of time because it gave her a first pass
with a review on where the text is
rough, where the text was incoherent,
where there are factual inconsistencies
in some ways much better than a person.
Yeah. And it was faster, too. And she

[19:16 - 19:51] could totally build that without having
to go back and reprompt every time. And
it was much bigger than a skill because
it involved actually understanding more
information sources than just one piece
of text. And by the way, another great
example for non-technical folks is
around design. You can plug into Figma.
You can plug into your design tool of
choice and you can actually pull down a
bunch of the details of how a current
design looks, but also how the design
language looks. And you can start to
build a workflow that accounts for all
of that and pops out new work. And if
you're wondering, does this align to

[19:51 - 20:25] sort of how we're starting to think
about things with cloud design in the
mix? Absolutely. We are moving to a
world where the hyperscalers are putting
in place more and more tools, more and
more plugins that help you do this work
effectively. Arguably, Claude design,
which dropped just a couple of weeks
ago, is a fancy plugin with a UI for
claude for design. It's like the plugin
was so important they made it a product.
That's how much plugins matter. And if
you think that you can just sit around
and wait and Claude or Chat GPT will
eventually launch all of your dream
plugins, I got I got a bridge to sell

[20:25 - 20:53] you. I got news for you. It ain't going
to work that way. You have got to be in
a place where you can take proactive
action and say, "No, I want this plugin
for this thing." It's not perfect. It's
not right the way it is now. It's too
much manual work. I waste too much time
in custom prompting. My skills aren't
enough. I want something that has a data
connector. I want a script inside there
that checks and validates and make sure
it works. I'm going to have to have a a
little skill as well. That's a plug-in,
people. And you can totally do that. A
weekly business report is a great
example, right? Maybe you need

[20:53 - 21:21] spreadsheets and Slack context and docs
and dashboards and past reports and
charts. That's that's a plugin, right? I
could I could give you a bunch more
examples. That's the idea. And if you're
wondering, I do have a ton more
examples. They're all in the Substack. I
have a customer brief, uh, how you
handle that with email and CRM, etc. I
have a hiring readout and how you handle
that as a plugin. Tons and tons of
these. And I think it's really important
to have starters for this because if you
see the start of a plugin, it's easier
to customize than if you're just trying
to go from a blank page and you've never

[21:21 - 21:54] done a plug-in before. So that's why I
made the Hulk. Ultimately, and I get
very passionate about this, agentic
scaffolding must not stay vague. If
scaffolding just means some engineering
stuff around the agent to most of us,
then only engineers can ever participate
in designing it. That is an old 2022 era
problem. But now we're in 2026 and if
the workflow is real, the people who
understand the work must be the ones who
put that knowledge in. And I have talked
to person after person after person who
comes from a non-technical background
who figured that out and they're now
stamping out work because they know what

[21:54 - 22:28] good looks like. I talked to two of them
this morning and they're working on like
complicated retail scale workflows
because they figured out what works for
them. They know which sources matter.
They know when the output is wrong. They
know what steps are always forgotten.
That domain knowledge that you have as a
non-technical person, quote unquote
non-technical, that's always blurry in
2026. That's what matters and that's
what you can then leverage to create the
custom plugins that work for you. And I
think the issue is the way to encode all
of this has become more unclear, not
less in the last 6 months, right? Like

[22:28 - 23:01] do you write a better prompt? Well, now
we have skills. Is it a skill now? Do I
ask my engineers to make an MCP? Is it
an MCP server? I don't know. And I have
people ask me these questions all the
time, right? Uh is it a connector? Do we
need a connector? No, maybe it is a
plugin after all. Disamiguate it.
Understand what each thing does. A
script helps you to do predictable,
deterministic things every time. A skill
helps an LLM to follow a process in a
way that is clear and that you can share
across teams and that's consistent. A
prompt is good for one-off work. And
yes, it still matters to write good

[23:01 - 23:30] prompting. It does. All the work you did
in 2025 paid off if you worked on your
prompting. And a plugin is like a bundle
around a bunch of things, right? It
includes the script. It includes the
skill. It includes pieces of the prompt
that matter and that are reusable. And
yes, it also includes MCPS and
connectors because those are connectors
to live data. This is the mental model I
wish people had because engineers know
this stuff, but it's just not getting
explained to the rest of us. And then
when an engineer says something like,
well, this should be a skill and this
needs an API and you waited two weeks to

[23:30 - 23:57] have this meeting, right? No, this
should be a prompt. I've had these
conversations where engineers basically
go through and this is the level of
understanding they have in their heads.
They never explain it to you and they
lay all of this out. It should not be a
mysterious middle layer. There should
not be a mysterious middle layer between
the LLM and the work that gets done for
you. And that is what I want to make
sure that you have. And that is why I've
laid this video out the way I have so
that you understand the mental model of
how this works. And when you're ready to
go deeper, the Substack is there and you

[23:57 - 24:25] can go deeper and actually look at all
these practical use cases that I'm
laying out. You can look at a guide that
gives you a way to build plugins for
what you want done and gives you starter
plugins for a bunch of the workflows
I've talked about and gives you a way to
audit your workflow and develop a
plug-in. So, all of that practical stuff
is there, but everybody should know the
mental model. And that's why I'm putting
this here for all of us to see and watch
and talk about because even CEOs need
this. Now, I don't want a CEO saying,
"Should it be a skill? Should it be an
MCP?" If your CEO is confused about this

[24:25 - 24:55] harness stuff, show them this video,
right? Because one of the things I get
really passionate about is that seuite,
especially anyone but the CTO, tends to
be non-technical enough in most
companies that they don't get this
stuff. They don't understand that a
script is a deterministic check and you
shouldn't just trust the model to check
itself. And then they get confused and
they say, "Why aren't you using AI?" And
you're like, "I am using AI. I just want
a deterministic script at the end." I've
had that conversation. It's a real
conversation. You need to give your
leadership enough context on this stuff

[24:55 - 25:28] that they can actually be useful in
supporting the organ AI transformation.
And that starts with understanding what
is in the box when it comes to a harness
so that people don't get confused. When
we're talking about the difference
between an LLM, even an agentic LLM in
codeex or in clawed code and truly
useful personalized workflows, we're
talking about this, right? This
difference between skills and plugins
and and connectors and and how they
matter. Please, please, please make sure
that the people who need to see this see
it in your world so you get the support
you need because I have had to have

[25:28 - 25:59] enough conversations with senior
leadership that I know for a fact most
organizations there are very senior
folks who don't have any clue about this
like none zero clue they don't get it
don't be like that share this with the
people that that need to hear it make
sure everybody has the same mental model
uh if you do it once it's a prompt if
you do it repeatedly it's a skill if the
workflow needs to travel or other people
need to install it. If it needs tools or
assets or connectors, guess what? It's a
plugin. If it needs access to another
system, it's an MCP or app connector.
And yes, that live data can come inside

[25:59 - 26:27] a plugin and nest inside. It's just like
one brick in the larger Lego brick
model. If the workflow has to be
verified, you got to add a check. All of
that together, if you understand that,
will prevent you from wasting work
because not everything needs to be a
plugin. I hope you're getting that. I'm
not saying everything needs to be a
plugin. Some things should stay prompt.
Some things ought to ought to stay
skills, right? You don't need extra
data. You don't need a bunch of other
stuff. It just ought to stay skills.
Some things should be normal scripts and
never touch an LLM at all. Some things

[26:27 - 27:01] should stay human. As I hope you know,
the the judgment to know what's good or
not at the end of it, it's going to be
human judgment. The goal is not to turn
your workspace into a gigantic museum of
plugins you never use. The goal is to
simply understand the parts of your work
that are repeated and valuable and
structured enough to package and figure
out the right solution so that you can
do that. It's one of the most powerful
ways you can do practical AI automation
today. It's where the leverage is living
in 2026 and that's why I get so
passionate about it. I hope you've had
fun following the story here of how we

[27:01 - 27:13] got to plugins from scripts and from
skills and from prompts. I hope you have
a clear mental model now and uh I will
see you next time and as always there's
more on the substack there so jump in if
you want to build those today.
